UBI Ruby builder image (#34)
cyberark/conjur-base-image: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - UBI Ruby base image for Conjur server OpenShift support.
>   Use a builder image for Ruby compiled with FIPS-enabled OpenSSL. This is
>   included in the UBI Ruby base image for the Conjur server
>   ([cyberark/conjur-base-image#34](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-base-image/pull/34))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UBI-based image to support Conjur server running on OpenShift. Uses a builder image to install Ruby
  compiled with FIPS-enabled OpenSSL. 
  [cyberark/conjur-base-image#34](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-base-image/pull/34)
```
